elixir - general, solution, two-fer remarks (#1344)
exercism/website-copy: automated-comments/elixir/solution/raise_fn_clause_error.md

<!--
This error is raised when the submission includes a call to
`raise FunctionClauseError` rather than having elixir fail in
matching the call to the two_fer function for non-string types.
-->

Do not directly call `raise FunctionClauseError`.

1. When elixir executes code it attempts to match [named functions](https://elixir-lang.org/getting-started/modules-and-functions.html#named-functions) call and parameters to each function from top to bottom.

> 2. If you use [guards](https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/master/guards.html), it is possible to prevent functions from being invoked with arguments that do not match the functions intended use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If [guards](https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/master/guards.html) are used, it is possible to prevent functions from being invoked with arguments that do not match the functions intended use.
```

Guards may be used by code written by others or code that is "already present".

Author: True, I was trying to make sure the disapprove message sounded like it recommended a course of action, but I like this suggestion

> 3. If there is no match for a named function, a `FunctionClauseError` is raised by the BEAM VM at run time.

Reviewer: I think a conclusion is missing _why_ this is preferred instead of calling it directly.

Author: @NobbZ do you know of any articles or best practice guidelines to be able to cite for this?

Author: I think i have resolved this in an update, please review
